##Solution to yesterday's problem  [Thanos Nim](https://codeforces.com/contest/1162/problem/E):

###Problem Analysis:
This problem is about a game. Normally, most of the problems in game theory can be solved by one of the two ways, one is to use Sprague–Grundy theorem and the other is to observe some properties and formulate a universal strategy which can deal with every situation. However, to use Sprague–Grundy theorem, the game should be able to be divided into some independent sub-games during the process. However, we can't do that in this problem. Therefore, there might be some properties that we need to figure them out.

###Observation:
The most frequently seen properties have the following form: There is a set of states in the game that the player can't make the game stay in this set whenever the game is in this set, and the player can always make the system fall back into this set whenever it is not in this set. Since the operation in this game is to remove a positive number of stones from each of the chosen piles, the hidden property should be something about the overall variable. What is the most likely changed variable during a move? It should be the minimum of the number of stones in the piles. Then, we observe that when the minimum value appears in more than a half of the piles, the current player is forced to changed the minimum of the number of stones in the piles no matter how the piles are chosen for his operation. Hence, we get the set we described in the form: The game is in a state that the minimum value appears in more than a half of the piles. This set satisfies the rules we mentioned in the form. In conclusion, Bob wins if and only if the minimum value appears in more than a half of the original piles; otherwise, Alice wins.

###Implementation Process:
To check whether the minimum value appears in more than a half of the piles, an easy way is to sort the piles in ascending order and examine if the index $0$ pile has the same number of stones as the index $n/2$ pile. 
<spoiler summary="Code(C++)">
```
#include<iostream>
#include<algorithm>
using namespace std;

int a[50];

int main(){
	int n;
	cin>>n;
	for(int i=0;i<n;i++)
		cin>>a[i];
	sort(a,a+n);
	if(a[0]==a[n/2])
		cout<<"Bob"<<endl;
	else
		cout<<"Alice"<<endl;
}

```
</spoiler>

##Today's POTD (Hard): [An unavoidable detour for home](https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/E).

###You can discuss in the comments below!
